Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[funky hip-hop beat layers in]
[older Kanan] Previously on
Raising Kanan...
You takin' all of 'Nique's
old corners.
Crew the fuck up and get out
on that track. my nigga.
-Far as I heard. 'Nique is gone.
-How you know?
'Cause we takin' all his shit
and he ain't doin'
nothin' 'bout it.
That was y'all on 150
last night?
No doubt.
-[gunshot echoes]
-Oh!
I find out
you're still working here.
Queens will be so full
of Sicilian hitters.
-We're finished.
-But I still gotta figure out
how to get us paid.
We goin' to Manhattan.
It's gonna be your home base.
You either pickin' up product
or you droppin' off money.
You're here because I've vouched
for your discretion
and trustworthiness. Tiana.
Count me in.
I ain't askin' for no work
from you. Joaquin.
I just want a name.
I know you know other players.
I need the cash
and I need it now.
I may have a buyer
from overseas.
I want you to know.
I don't like the idea of you
and her working together.
Noted.
Your mother. she's linked up
with Pino Bernardi
and this Jew broad.
Flossie Siegel.
who's got a stable of whores
that are now moving your
mother's weight around the city.
We heard Breeze
been playin' you to the left
for some new kid.
Fuck you. Kanan.
I help you out
and you help me out in exchange.
There's no turning back
for either of us.
[tense music playing]
I'll kill you.
Maybe she didn't take out Fame.
-You believe her?
-Raq and me done.
-She dead to me already.
-[Raq] Roll up.
spray them niggas. and jet.
-[gunfire]
-[bullets ricocheting]
[man] Yo. look out!
[tires screeching]
How are you feeling?
I'm sad.
I'm angry.
I wanna work wit' you.
I don't want that for you.
These hos are gonna
come and go all night.
You collect they money.
Riff got another job for you.
Can't. Flossie hit me.
I got a trick across town.
New guy.
Can't be late.
What's your name?
Whatever you want it to be.
[music fades]
♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make-make-make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em
Done shot at the rest of 'em ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em
Check. boy. I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Big bags of bread ♪
♪ Boy. you fuck around
Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ 'Fore the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it ♪
♪ They don't do it
Like we do it ♪
♪ Cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' 'round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
♪ Ha-ha. that's right ♪
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
♪ And it's alright ♪
♪ That's how we do it
On this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Ayy. ayy ♪
[sultry female vocalization]
["Paid In Full"
by Eric B. & Rakim playing]
♪ Thinkin' of a master plan ♪
♪ Def with the record
Def with the record ♪
♪ Thinkin' of A master plan... ♪
[older Kanan] When shit
working right out on the track.
it's like some basketball niggas
on a fast break.
Rock don't even touch the floor.
♪ So I dig deeper
But still coming up with lint ♪
♪ So I start my mission
Leave my residence ♪
♪ Thinking how could I get
Some dead presidents? ♪
♪ I need money. I used to be
A stick-up kid ♪
♪ So I think of all
The devious things I did... ♪
[older Kanan] And nothin'
move faster than the money.
On a good day.
that shit roll in
like a fuckin' blizzard.
You can't dig yourself
out from it
before that shit gonna pile
the fuck up again.
Those are the best days. man.
Those are days
make you feel like
you gon' do this shit forever.
The work gonna always move.
The money never gon' stop.
[overlapping greetings]
All right.
We gettin' paid.
Paid and paid and paid. nigga.
-Corner don't ever stop.
-What I tell you?
[tires screeching]
[older Kanan] But soon as you
start thinkin' like that...
you gonna get checked
'cause good times just like
the first of the month.
Shit over quick.
Nigga think he somebody now.
What's the word. Taz?
Word is you ain't about shit.
Word is
that other corner got hit
because you ain't had
the lookouts posted up
where they were supposed to be.
That ain't how it went down.
Don't even matter.
This shit ain't nothin'
I need to talk to you
about anyway.
[ominous music playing]
You talk when I tell you
to talk.
Whatever you say.
You got that right. nigga.
It is whatever I say.
Protect your block.
little niggas.
♪♪
[music fades]
[Pastor Evans groans]
How you know...
if somebody...
gone to Heaven?
Hmm.
You don't know.
My job. if you wanna
call it that.
is to try to put people
in the best position possible
so they can gain entry
to Heaven.
But we don't ever know
if they get there.
I'm not sure what kind
of situation Lou was in
as far as Heaven concerned.
[Pastor Evans] We all struggle.
But all that matters
is the purity of our hearts
when we face God.
And I'm sure Lou's heart
was pure.
How is your heart. Marvin?
[somber music playing]
I can't call it.
Well. you lost your brother.
Profound pain like that
can numb your emotions.
You should come to church
this Sunday.
Communion with God
and our congregation
could ease your burden.
At the very least. you'll see
that you're not alone.
So. you can't tell
who go to Heaven and who don't.
That's between each of us
and God.
God gon' judge my daughter
for my bullshit?
Your daughter's journey
is hers and hers alone.
She'll get to heaven
all on her own.
And so will you.
No matter who you are
or what you've done.
God forgives everybody.
I ain't everybody. pastor.
[music darkens]
[music fades]
[lighter clicks]
[crackling]
You always land on your feet.
My feet always on the ground.
Joaquin.
Standin' on this work.
Look...
Manhattan not the Southside.
We ain't gotta worry about
Stefano Marchetti in the city.
Shit's wide open.
Manhattan is a much more
competitive marketplace.
Prices are always moving.
I made this clear to you
before I introduced you
to Mr. Bernardi.
I'm fuckin' with a clientele
that ain't worried about price.
It's all about the product
and the service provided.
I got my horse covered.
But these white motherfuckers
love them some powder.
I know your product top-shelf.
and we got
prior business together.
so this shit should be easy.
But we have
a complicated past. you and me.
[dramatic music playing]
[sighs]
I'm here about the future.
Joaquin.
Not the past.
I'm tryin' to get you paid.
If you not interested.
there's gotta be at least
fifty Dominicans up the block
that's gonna want to get down.
I'm interested.
[Joaquin inhales sharply]
I'm always interested.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
♪ Oh yeah. we're rollin'
We're rollin' ♪
♪ We're rollin' We're rollin' ♪
♪ We're rollin' down
A miracle highway ♪
♪ Oh yeah. we're rollin'
We're rollin'... ♪
Where's the rest of it?
I'm workin' on gettin' the rest.
I must be a fuckin' idiot
trustin' a goddamn kid.
We don't do this shit
on a fuckin' installment plan.
I'm gonna get you all of it.
I just need a minute.
I think you need to comprehend
the seriousness
of what the fuck this is.
I put my ass on the line
in a way that threatens
everything in my fucking life
and you're showing up here
with a light fuckin' envelope?
[dramatic music playing]
This is grown-up business.
Laverne.
And when you're grown up
and you don't pay your bills
on time.
bad fuckin' things happen.
Get me my money...
or I'ma cut off
your fuckin' water.
[music fades]
[traffic humming]
♪ I'm beyond compare ♪
♪ On compare ♪
♪ Oh darling
I'm the boss of a game ♪
♪ With my vision clear
I'll never be tamed ♪
♪ In this world of power... ♪
Your piece.
♪ Oh darling
I'm the boss of a game ♪
♪ With my vision clear
I'll never be tamed... ♪
Looks like business is booming.
We gettin' there.
Lot of room to grow. though.
[Pino] Ah.
[sighs]
Raquel...
["Power" continues playing
in restaurant]
Where the fuck you been
my whole life?
-Queens.
-[laughs]
Yeah. that's exactly
where you've been.
Which is part of the problem.
I need you to do me a favor.
Go talk to Stefano.
see if the two of you can come
to some kind of understanding.
He's making a lot of noise
about our arrangement.
It's become an aggravation.
And I already got enough
aggravation in my life.
Me and him talked already.
Ain't nothin' else to say.
No. no. no. no.
He's bent all out of shape
'cause you relocated
just across the East River.
You hurt his precious
fuckin' feelings.
Look. Marchetti is bitching
about our thing
to the powers that be.
I can't have this disagreement
get any bigger
than it already is.
A little kindness
goes a long way. Raquel.
Show him some respect.
He'll settle down.
This nigga want me to kiss
the ring I fuckin' paid for.
[ominous music playing]
[music fades]
Yo.
Doin' this drop-off.
Gonna put it right here.
You hear about Kanan and Taz?
They was beefin'.
Ask me?
Taz was tryin' to get Kanan
to throw the fuck down.
But Kanan maintained.
Shit gonna get heated
again. though.
'Cause them niggas ain't got
no love between them.
[piece taps on board]
A'ight then. man.
I'ma get at you later.
[dark. ominous music playing]
-[train clacking]
-[music fades]
[gentle mandolin music playing
in restaurant]
[Stefano] You tell him it's
no skin off my back either way.
All right? Thanks.
Come on.
I told Pino there was no point
in us talking.
Told him the same thing.
Then why are you here?
Because my new business partner
asked me to do this
and I respect the people
I work with.
You don't even know
what the fuck respect means.
Oh.
Hey. and I got
a new business partner too.
Yeah. he's- and he's got
one of them nicknames
you people love so much.
-Breeze.
-Aha. That's the one.
And he's not giving me problems
like you did.
Well. if you so happy
then stop bitching
to Pino Bernardi about me
like some sorry nigga
who can't get past his feelings
after the breakup.
Shit's over between us.
Move the fuck on.
[grim music playing]
Hey. I don't care if you got.
Pino fuckin' Bernardi's next kid
cookin' in your fuckin' womb.
you don't ever speak to me
like that.
I'll put you
in the fuckin' ground.
Look. Pino said you wanted
to talk to me.
but you tellin' me
you ain't got shit to say.
Which is it?
What the fuck do you want
from me. Stefano?
I want a piece of your business
with Pino.
Yeah. consider it a. you know.
a breakup fee.
A tax you gotta pay
for leaving me at the altar.
I ain't leave shit.
You the one who deaded our deal.
I earned for you. Stefano.
I more than held up
my fuckin' end.
[chuckles wryly]
I ain't breakin' you off
nothin'.
Hey. I shoulda taken you
and your brother out
when I had the fuckin' chance.
You shoulda.
Well. Pino can't protect you
forever.
Fuck forever.
I'm here right now.
[music intensifies]
You run your business.
I'll run mine.
[Stefano grunts]
♪ If this is what you want
Then come and ask me. ask me ♪
Then come and ask me ♪
Taz came up short.
♪ I see it all
Nothing don't get past me... ♪
Nigga need to get checked.
[ominous music playing]
Word.
I got this.
[music intensifies]
[Marvin] I just keep hearing
about Breeze.
I ain't seen him yet.
Well...
Stefano talkin'
all sorts of shit
about how good
that nigga dick taste.
And if Kanan workin'
with Breeze.
that mean Kanan
fuckin' with Stefano too.
[sighs] Me and you in a good
spot right now. Marvin.
and we can't let nothin'
and nobody fuck that up.
Connect's in place.
and I signed the papers
on the mall
so we got that cash too.
We flush as hell.
Who the fuck buyin'
that broke-down shit?
Fool from out the country.
Paid cash.
Dumb motherfucker overpaid too.
Shit. let me sell this nigga
my crib then.
[sighs]
[sighs] Stefano gonna make
a move on us.
We gotta get in front
of that shit.
Who you tellin'?
I been sayin' this.
Well. it can't be our people
doin' the work. though.
We gotta protect our self
with Pino.
Pino gonna know it was us
behind it
no matter who we use.
Well. of course he is.
But we need to give him
enough cover
that he can say
as far as he know
we ain't have shit
to do with it.
[bottle opens]
[liquid pours]
I can reach out to Memphis.
see if them crackers want it.
[dark. sinister music playing]
[sighs]
Fuck it.
Make the call.
-[Tiana sighs. giggles]
-[music fades]
It's cool to see your apartment.
["Big Talk" playing softly
in apartment]
I just didn't want to fuck
with a hotel again.
They ask too many questions.
And I wanted you to see
where I live.
So you can know me better.
♪♪
You been with other girls?
What?
For real?
You think you the first girl
I done fucked with?
[sighs] Come on. man.
I'm talkin' about escorts.
Call girls. You ever...
been with another one?
Nah.
You the first.
You fine...
you young. seem like you got
a little money.
[Kanan chuckles]
You not the usual type date
I get.
This shit wit' you
just seem easier. I guess.
Most girls want more
than I wanna give.
But I still wanna... You know.
Smash.
-Yeah. Smash.
-[giggling]
Not all girls gon' press on you
like that. though.
Some just want what you want.
How a dime like you wind up
doin' this shit. Tiana?
-[solemn music playing]
-[clears throat]
I got a brother
who's special needs.
and a grandmother
who's in rehab.
Somebody gotta pay for all that
and a bachelor's in psychology
isn't gonna get it done.
Least you ain't out
at Hunts Point
or some bootleg shit like that.
Flossie take care of us.
Flossie?
She your pimp?
Shit. I got work.
[sighs]
Middle of the fuckin' day?
These tricks don't be playin'.
It's not that kind of work.
Me and a few other girls
got a side hustle.
Well. side hustles are good.
Hm. Ain't like it's much better
than trickin'.
We movin' dope.
Mostly just deliveries.
Flossie. the lady I work for.
she linked up
with this drug dealer
who works out of this
old club in the Village.
and... [laughs]
Why the fuck
am I tellin' you all this?
'Cause you like me.
[sighs]
I do like you.
You're not fat.
50 years old. and got four kids.
like most of these tricks.
which makes it less...
fucked up for me somehow.
-[music fades]
-Blow that other shit off today.
That delivery.
whatever the fuck it is.
call in sick.
Kick it wit' me.
I can't.
[dramatic music playing]
[rustling]
You can.
[music fades]
-Have a good ride. sir.
-All right. Thank you.
-[man 1] Hey. John.
-[man 2] Hi. guys.
[chatter continues]
["Boogeyman" playing]
♪ Fire ♪
♪ Can't stand me ♪
♪ Water ♪
♪ Run away from me ♪
♪ Run home now ♪
[music fades]
They growin' you shitkickers
extra ugly
down on the fuckin' farm.
Ain't no farms in Memphis.
This me.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much
for all your help.
[mellow R&B music
playing in store]
Whatever she want.
I'm payin' for.
Make sense?
What you like?
I wanna go.
Nah. whatever you want...
I wanna get
the fuck outta here. Kanan.
[door opens. creaks]
-[chatter]
-[car rumbling]
What the fuck is goin' on.
Tiana?
You know exactly
what's goin' on.
-I don't.
-[scoffs]
You're fuckin' with my head.
Kanan.
You-you thinkin' you can buy me
a couple dresses
and turn this ho
into a princess?
And that shit isn't real.
This...
isn't real.
Wanted to do something nice
for you. that's all.
Turns out you just like
all these other guys
I was talkin' about.
Tryin' to make me
into somethin' I'm not.
You pay me to fuck you. Kanan.
I'm a ho.
Hos don't wear dresses?
[laughs]
-I like you. Tiana.
-[sighs]
That's all.
All this other shit
you talkin' 'bout.
that's in your head. not mine.
You don't even know
my real name.
[gentle dramatic music playing]
So tell me then.
Jarita.
Hmm.
[music fades]
[traffic humming]
[insects chirring]
[dramatic music playing]
Stefano house.
He's got some security.
But nothin' too heavy.
[siren wailing in distance]
Kanan ain't tell me
his mama fine.
Who are you. where the fuck
you come from.
and what you and my son doin'?
[singsong] Kanan fine mama
got questions.
I ain't come here to compare
pedicures. nigga.
I need to understand you
and what the fuck
you think you doin'.
I don't answer to you. ma'am.
I'm only meetin' you
outta respect
'cause I know you meant
somethin' out here for a minute.
But you must've got it confused
if you think you gon'
interrogate me on some shit.
It's always uncomfortable
when there's a woman
in the game.
See. for niggas.
the hustle about
two things only:
bitches and money.
That's the understanding
we all got between us men.
I know what that nigga
on that other corner thinkin'
'cause he thinkin'
the same as me.
Bitches and money.
money and bitches.
That's all.
It's different when there's
a lady on the other side.
'Cause you ain't checkin'
for bitches.
That ain't why you in it.
You on some other shit.
That mean I don't know
what you thinkin'.
And that don't feel good.
You won't ever know
what I'm thinkin'. nigga.
That's what you need
to recognize.
I'm not on these blocks no more.
but I am these blocks.
You understand what I'm sayin'?
[tense music playing]
I'm known... and I know.
And as long as you fuckin'
wit' my son.
I'ma be watching you.
But you right.
I ain't thinkin' 'bout bitches.
All I think about's money.
And ain't nobody get between
me and my money.
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
He here most days.
This his favorite spot.
Got any questions or anything?
Thoughts?
Is what it is.
Far be it for a humble-ass nigga
like me
to tell professionals
like yourselves
how to do this shit. but...
you only gonna get
one crack at this work.
[dramatic music playing]
Fuck that up...
you ain't gonna make it
back to Tennessee.
[car engine starts]
[music fades]
That was you that hit us.
though.
on 150.
You ain't even got work
out here no more.
Why you fuckin' wit' our corner?
'Cause you're out there
and I'm not. nigga.
You salty 'cause your son still
makin' money without you.
I don't like nobody
makin' money without me.
That's how this shit works. son.
[grim music playing]
Way I see it.
any dollar y'all niggas
stack out here
is a dollar y'all takin'
from me.
And that ain't never
gon' sit right.
Our money's
Stefano Marchetti's money.
But you know that already.
No matter where the fuck I am.
I'm here.
I'm here. there.
and everywhere. nigga.
You could tell Kanan
the same shit.
[music fades]
[from inside Cafe Vous]
♪ Real bad. real bad ♪
[fades] ♪ I know I got it bad ♪
[dark. ominous music playing]
[engine revving]
[tires screeching]
-[whimpering]
-Get the fuck in!
Please. take everything.
I don't care.
We takin' you. bitch.
[whimpering]
Please don't hurt me.
I'll do whatever you want.
[Kanan] That's good. baby.
'Cause we gon' need you
to do some shit.
[gasps. exhales]
[tires screeching]
[coughs]
Shirley was waterin' down
these bottles.
Tricky-ass broad.
["Impatient" playing softly
in Cafe Vous]
[Juke] You want somethin' else?
Probably better for me to drink
the weak shit anyway.
[sighs]
Yo.
Been talkin' to that detective.
Garcia.
Fuck you doin'
talkin' to police?
He tryin' to find out
who put down Howard. so...
I ain't tell him shit.
Obviously.
But he's still messin' with me
so I'm tryin' to get him
to leave me the fuck alone.
I can hit up the new lawyer.
Get him to make a few calls.
Or send a letter or some shit.
Thing is...
I feel like maybe Garcia
could help us.
He know things
and he can find shit out.
Keep us a step ahead.
I started paying him
to step the fuck off.
-[groans]
-And also...
give me information.
You're a wild girl. Juke.
Hittin' off police.
Here I am. trying to steer you
away from all this shit
and you done turned gangster
on me.
I'm short. though.
[dramatic music playing]
He want more
than I got right now.
So you hittin' off this cop
but you don't got enough
to pay him off proper.
How that playin' out for you?
Not good.
Cop on the take
ain't the nigga you wanna short.
[inhales sharply]
Maybe... you could help me out
a little bit
'til I can cover it.
Your deal. your debt. [sighs]
You gotta figure that shit out
on your own.
[sighs] I'll pay you back
the money.
And maybe he got shit
you wanna know too.
I already got enough going on
with these police.
I don't need no more.
Can't lie. though...
you makin' moves out here.
Chip off the old fuckin' block.
[music fades]
["Escape (The Pina Colada Song)"
[by Rupert Holmes playing]
-♪ If you like pina coladas ♪
-[slurred singing with song]
♪ And gettin' caught
In the rain ♪
♪ If you're not into yoga ♪
♪ If you have half a brain ♪
♪ If you like makin' love
At midnight ♪
♪ In the dunes of the Cape ♪
♪ You're the one
That I look for ♪
♪ Write to me and escape ♪
♪♪
There's my favorite girl.
[music volume lowers]
[sniffs]
Gonna make me beg for it?
[on stereo] ♪ I didn't think
About my lady ♪
♪ I know that sounds
Kinda mean ♪
[man sniffs. sighs]
[man chuckles]
♪ Had fallen into
The same old dull routine ♪
♪ So I wrote to the paper ♪
[sniffs]
♪ Took out a personal ad ♪
♪ And though I'm nobody's poet ♪
Gonna do this...
and then I'm gonna do you.
[sniffs loudly]
Oh-ho-ho!
[laughs] Wow.
[laughs]
[sinister music playing]
What the fuck?
[gasping softly]
What?
What? [coughing]
[gasping]
[gagging. coughing]
Oh God.
[whispers] Oh. Oh no.
[music intensifies]
[panting]
[gasps]
You tell Raq it was Kanan.
Got it?
[grunts]
Kanan.
Say that shit out loud. bitch.
Get the fuck outta here.
[Kirsten sobbing]
[music transitions
into grim. tense music]
[car engine starts]
[gunshots]
[music fades]
They switched out the coke
I was bringing to him
with something else.
I don't know what the fuck
it was
but he died.
Right in front of me.
It was horrible.
It was so fucked up. [sniffles]
And they just grabbed you
off the street?
In front of the club.
And then the kid
who was in charge.
he told me
to tell you something.
He said. "Tell Raq
it was Kanan."
He really wanted you
to know that.
Nobody else gonna hear
about that part.
That stay between us.
Whatever.
I'm never doing this shit again.
I'm done.
You tell anybody else.
especially Flossie.
about what that boy said.
I'ma have to do somethin' to you
that can't be undone.
[dramatic music playing]
Understood?
You did right when you came
to me like you did.
And where I'm from.
righteousness gets rewarded.
This is twice
what she was paying you
and you deserve
every penny of it.
And the best part?
You don't gotta split it up
three ways anymore.
[Stefano chuckles]
Thank you kindly. sir.
Now. Giorgio's gonna show you
out to the car
we got waiting for you.
And. uh. safe travels.
my friend.
[chuckles]
[ominous music playing]
-Aw. fu...
-[silenced gunshot]
[casing clatters]
-[music fades]
-["What You In It For" plays]
♪ It's my season
I don't need a reason ♪
♪ Takeover time
I'm tired of all this treason ♪
♪ Street life. trife life
Cutthroat season ♪
Breeze says you was short
the other day.
♪ Niggas stuck in the game
They never gon' leave it ♪
♪ Eye for an eye. nigga... ♪
You're so fuckin' stupid. Kanan.
You can't even see
that nigga playin' you.
Breeze want us beefin'
so he can see
who come out on top.
And I'm good with that.
♪ Can't be broke
When I got Cain and Abel ♪
Real good.
♪ Ain't no Motherfuckin' fable ♪
♪ Saabs and ACs
Lamb skins on my back ♪
You're here to put me in line.
right?
♪ With Alexus in a Lexus ♪
♪ Gold chains... ♪
Fuck you gon' do. nigga?
[dramatic music playing]
[laughs]
All you good at
is suckin' Breeze dick.
bitch-ass nigga.
But when it come down
to this real work.
you gotta get somebody else
to do it.
Like your mom.
[music darkens]
Yeah.
Yeah. I know all about her.
Heard that you can't
get off that titty.
You actin' all grown.
but you still need your mama
to wipe your ass.
-[squelching thud]
-[grunts]
What you got. Taz?
[grunts]
[groaning]
[Taz] Fuck!
[Taz wails]
[groaning]
[grunting. groaning]
[yelling in pain]
[Taz laughs]
[groans]
Fuck you. Kanan.
Nah. nigga.
Fuck you.
[music intensifies]
[gunshot echoes]
[music transitions
into heavy. grim music]
[music fades]
He just blew too much at once.
Old-ass white man
didn't know his limit
and stopped
his own fuckin' heart.
Right?
[Flossie] You and I are just
starting this new business
and we already have a fatality.
That's not what we call
an auspicious beginning.
This shit happen. though.
Just bad timing. that's all.
Doesn't change the fact
that a man is dead.
And he's not just anyone.
Anton Baker was a federal judge.
This is news.
There'll be an investigation.
And all that gon' turn up is
this motherfucker was a junkie
who fucked with
too much fried food.
And it's good he a judge.
That means they gonna bury as
much of this shit as they can.
Last thing they want is niggas
diggin' into this fool's cases
to see which ones he cooked
to get high.
This doesn't happen to me.
Nobody's ever died
from a blowjob.
at least not one from my girls.
[tuts] Guess they need
to up they game then.
[sighs] This isn't a joke.
Marvin.
It's a dead white guy.
That shit always gonna be
funny to me.
You've checked your product to
make sure there are no problems?
My shit ain't the issue.
And how are you. sweetie?
You've been through
a hell of a lot.
You should go home.
take a long bath.
and then you're gonna have
some time off.
Couple weeks at least. okay?
Go home. Kirsten.
I'll check on you later.
I'm worried about her.
She definitely shaky.
We can handle her if you want.
You mean kill her.
[ominous music playing]
Just so we're clear.
I have no problem with violence.
My father taught me
that in certain instances
violence can be powerful.
But only when it's used
strategically.
otherwise it has no impact.
I'm not afraid
to pull the trigger.
but it has to matter.
[music transitions
into unsettling dramatic music]
Gotta find the joint.
That's the soft spot.
It's the easiest shit
to cut through.
Like this.
[electric saw whirring]
-[loud grinding]
-[squelching]
[whirring slows]
[music fades]
Scared of Flossie's pops.
This nigga schooled
his baby girl on dropping fools.
shit. I'm worried
I'm fucking up Juke.
Flossie got a crush
on you or something?
Seem like she get
all googly-eyed
and wide open and shit
when you talkin'.
I don't even know
what the fuck that means.
Flossie and I are friends.
Associates and shit.
Same as you and her.
Well. just as long as I don't
find out later you two married
and opening up
some bed and fuckin' breakfast
in the Catskills
behind my back. nigga.
Don't let me hear you got
side conversations
goin' on with her
like you did with Stefano.
We got one piece of business
with Flossie Siegel.
This work. that's all.
I get it.
But know that I'm gonna talk
to whoever the fuck
I wanna talk to.
I'ma say whatever
the fuck I wanna say.
I'ma do that
'cause I'm a grown-ass man.
What you need to understand.
shit. what I thought
you been understanding.
is that I'm loyal.
Always have been.
always will be.
Stefano had me doin'
that side work for him
just so he could stir up
the shit between us.
So he could tell you I was
movin' behind your back
even when I wasn't.
At least not in some kind of way
where I was lookin'
to take your spot.
Stefano fucked us all up.
And now we fuckin' him up.
Nigga might be fucked up
for good already.
[inhales deeply] Point is...
Lou gone.
Ma gone.
Pops been gone.
All that's left is you and me.
Just us.
And that means somethin'.
So when you say all that
fucked up shit to me.
it hurt.
[solemn music playing]
We gotta be better than that.
I wasn't there for Lou.
Not like I shoulda been.
But I'm here for you.
Big brothers protect
their little sisters.
I'm your big fuckin' brother.
Raquel.
Yeah. you are.
A'ight then.
[car horn blaring in distance]
♪♪
[electric saw whirring]
[whirring slows. stops]
[plastic rustling]
Your moms reached out.
We linked.
[tense. dark music playing]
It was her that hit the corner.
But you knew that already.
I thought it might a been Raq
that hit us.
I wasn't a hundred percent.
Ain't like I'm angry or nothin'.
Just want you to know
you can tell me this shit.
Ain't no need to keep secrets.
That shit cut both ways. though.
Taz wasn't short.
That was just you
fuckin' wit' me.
Seein' what I'd do.
You not wrong. brother.
That shit was more of a test
than a secret.
I don't need no tests.
I done graduated. nigga.
♪♪
[electric saw whirring]
[squelching]
[music fades]
[loud rustling]
[fire crackling]
Fine line between
standing out here
and being in there.
Out here better.
[chuckling]
You ain't gon' end up
in there. Kanan.
That ain't nothin'
to worry about.
I ain't worried. nigga.
Just aware.
Taz was your man.
'Til he wasn't no more.
You not Taz.
And he not you.
You ever met your father?
DefCon?
Nah.
Heard a whole lot about him.
but never knew him.
I did.
DefCon was my father too. Kanan.
[dramatic music playing]
He was with my moms
before he got wit' yours.
You and me blood. nigga.
[music intensifies]
Brothers.
[older Kanan] At some point.
lies become the truth.
Shit get passed around
long enough.
what's real don't even matter
no more.
Get to a point where
the nigga that started the lie
start believin'
his own bullshit.
And by then. you can't even
call it bullshit no more
because that lie become fact.
History. Some shit
you studied in school.
Only thing that's real
in this world
is you gon' live
and you gon' die. nigga.
Everything in between all that
is bullshit.
[music fades]
["Where" playing softly
in Cafe Vous]
♪ Kindness When you look at me ♪
♪ Where's the... ♪
He says he got a delivery
for you and Aunt Raq.
Said he gotta put it
directly in your hands.
Riff already checked him out.
He ain't strapped or nothin'.
♪ Walk side by side ♪
♪ Dreamin' 'bout the days
When we would fly in the sky ♪
♪ Where are you now... ♪
You got something for me?
You Marvin Thomas?
Can you sign here?
♪ Are you still my friend? ♪
♪ Are you still the one
That I believed in? ♪
Who's it from?
I'm just the messenger.
♪ 'Cause I'm still Reminiscing ♪
♪ Will you give me A reason... ♪
[grim. suspenseful music
playing]
What's that?
Trouble.
["Shot You Down" playing]
♪ Bang. bang ♪
♪ I shot you down ♪
♪ You shot my heart ♪
♪ With an arrow ♪
♪ I never seen it coming ♪
♪ I turn around ♪
♪ And here you come ♪
♪ Out of nowhere ♪
♪ Wasn't prepared
From the start ♪
♪ Bang. bang ♪
♪ I shot you down ♪
♪ Bang. bang... ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-